Provide more details in our publishing docs (#2759)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/releasing/publishing.md

3. Run `npm run publish-release`, which will prompt you to check whether the npm tag looks as expected.

  If you're following these instructions, you're probably doing a sequential release, meaning
  the tag should be 'latest'. This step will also create a ZIP file containing the entirety of the release in the root

>   of your local instance of govuk-frontend and will be referenced by the command line in its prompt ("...and attach this").

Reviewer: It feels to me like this should be two paragraphs, though I realise having a paragraph about the ZIP generation might be a bit awkward when both the previous and next paragraphs are about npm tags.

Reviewer 2: I think this should probably go with/after step 4. At this point, pressing `y` simply means accepting that the tag looks correct - it won't publish the release until you press `y` again as prompted to in step 4.

Author: I've moved this into its own paragraph and moved it under what is now step 5.

  Enter `y` to continue. If you think the tag should be different, enter `N` to have the option to set your own npm tag.

4. You will now be prompted to continue or cancel the release. Check the details and enter `y` to continue. If something does not look right, press `N` to cancel the release.

5. Run `npm logout` to log out from npm.

## Create a release on Github

> You can view the tag created during step 10 of creating the new version in the [Github interface](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases). To create a new Github release, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the tag created during step 10 of creating the new version in the [Github interface](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/tags). To create a new Github release, do the following:
```

Link directly to tags page.

  If you're following these instructions, you're probably doing a sequential release, meaning
  the tag should be 'latest'.

4. Enter `y` to continue. If you think the tag should be different, enter `N` to have the option to set your own npm tag.

5. You will now be prompted to continue or cancel the release. Check the details and enter `y` to continue. If something does not look right, press `N` to cancel the release.
  

>   This step will also create a ZIP file containing the entirety of the release in the root of your local instance of 
>   govuk-frontend and will be referenced by the command line ("...and attach this").

Reviewer: This sentence feels a bit cumbersome to me — maybe something more like this?

```suggestion
  This step will create a ZIP file containing the release in the root of your govuk-frontend git directory. You will need this file when creating the GitHub release.
```

Otherwise happy with this 👍
